DOC-3356: New feature documentation for `tinymceai`. (#3976)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.4.0-release-notes.adoc

The following new Premium plugin was released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== TinyMCE AI

> **TinyMCE AI** is the new premium AI platform for {productname}: faster drafting, stronger editing workflows, and AI that stays inside a familiar rich-text surface — without wiring a separate AI product to the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TinyMCE AI** is the new premium AI platform for {productname}: faster drafting and stronger editing workflows with a ready-to-use AI features - now available as both a plug-and-play plugin and an API for custom integrations.
```

The platform centers on three experiences that mirror what teams expect from modern AI writing tools:

* image:icons-premium/ai-assistant.svg[Chat icon,24px] **Chat**: Contextual conversations, persistent history, and help that understands the document.
* image:icons-premium/ai-review.svg[Review icon,24px] **Review**: Proofreading and structured quality passes for longer content and editorial standards.
* image:icons/ai-prompt.svg[Quick Actions icon,24px] **Actions**: Quick, repeatable transformations for everyday tasks (tone, length, clarity, and more).

> Behind the UI sits a production-ready **TinyMCE AI** service with JWT authentication, granular permissions, and multiple models, plus the **TinyMCE AI API** for the same capabilities in server-side workflows, automation, and anywhere outside the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the UI sits a production-ready **TinyMCE AI API** with JWT authentication, granular permissions, and multiple models, which is also available for use within the editor or without - in your broader application.
```

**What this means for users** (the outcomes the interface is built for):

> * Move first drafts forward and refine tone without leaving the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Move drafts forward and refine tone without leaving the editor.
```

* Summarize, adjust length, and improve clarity with guided flows.
* Keep brand and policy guardrails in reach through permissions and review-style workflows.

**Documentation** for **TinyMCE AI**:

* xref:tinymceai-introduction.adoc[Introduction to TinyMCE AI] — Capabilities, features, and how the platform fits together.
* xref:tinymceai.adoc[TinyMCE AI plugin] — Setup, configuration, and the out-of-the-box editor experience.
* xref:tinymceai-api-overview.adoc[TinyMCE AI API] — Service integration, authentication, and building beyond the editor.

[TIP]
====
Existing customers on paid plans can request a full featured free trial through the link:{accountpageurl}[Customer Portal].

> ====

Author: @metricjs Did you want to review here?
